Editorial review: Document WebSocketStream (#35548)
mdn/content: files/en-us/web/api/websocketstream/index.md

---
title: WebSocketStream
slug: Web/API/WebSocketStream
page-type: web-api-interface
status:
  - non-standard
browser-compat: api.WebSocketStream
---

{{APIRef("WebSockets API")}}{{non-standard_header}}

The **`WebSocketStream`** interface of the {{domxref("WebSockets API", "WebSockets API", "", "nocode")}} is a promise-based API for connecting to a WebSocket server. It uses [streams](/en-US/docs/Web/API/Streams_API) to send and receive data on the connection, and can therefore take advantage of stream [backpressure](/en-US/docs/Web/API/Streams_API/Concepts#backpressure) automatically, regulating the speed of reading or writing to avoid bottlenecks in the application.

{{InheritanceDiagram}}

## Constructor

- {{domxref("WebSocketStream.WebSocketStream", "WebSocketStream()")}}
  - : Creates a new `WebSocketStream` object instance.

## Instance properties

- {{domxref("WebSocketStream.url", "url")}} {{ReadOnlyInline}}
  - : Returns the URL of the WebSocket server that the `WebSocketStream` instance was created with.
- {{domxref("WebSocketStream.closed", "closed")}} {{ReadOnlyInline}}

>   - : Returns a {{jsxref("Promise")}} that fulfills with an object once the socket connection is closed. The object contains the closing code and reason sent by the server.

Reviewer: re "sent by the server", same comment as in the `closed` page, what if the client closes it?

Author: Same answer as above. I'm not sure if this needs an update. I have modified it slightly, to "as sent by the server"

- {{domxref("WebSocketStream.opened", "opened")}} {{ReadOnlyInline}}

>   - : Returns a {{jsxref("Promise")}} that fulfills with an object once the socket connection is successfully opened. The object contains several useful features, including a {{domxref("ReadableStream")}} and a {{domxref("WritableStream")}} instance for receiving and sending data on the connection.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - : Returns a {{jsxref("Promise")}} that fulfills with an object once the socket connection is successfully opened. Among other properties, the object includes a {{domxref("ReadableStream")}} and a {{domxref("WritableStream")}} instance for receiving and sending data on the connection.
```

Very picky. "several useful features" seems a bit odd. Should it be taken for granted that the properties are useful?

Author: Yup, very picky. You are right too, which is even more annoying ;-)

I have updated the wording to "Among other features, this object contains a...", as the items listed aren't the actual property names, but the values they contain.
